In fast-moving disasters, minutes matter. Here's how our tool cuts decision time dramatically.
We picked disaster response because delays cost lives and millions in losses. Emergency managers face fragmented data, slow coordination, and dangerous routing that puts evacuees in harm's way. Our target users - emergency commanders, first responders, and government agencies - need a unified platform that turns chaos into coordinated action.
Here's the demo: live satellite detections roll into a terrain-aware risk grid. NASA FIRMS data, NOAA weather, and ground sensors feed our H3 spatial indexing system, processing millions of data points in seconds. Each hexagon shows real-time risk scoring based on proximity, intensity, and weather conditions.
With one click, we generate safe evacuation routes that avoid advancing fire lines. Our A* algorithm with hazard weights finds optimal paths in real-time. Notice how routes dynamically adjust to avoid danger zones - this is the difference between life and death.
We position engines and medics where they'll have the most impact. Drag units to staging areas and watch ETAs and coverage update instantly. The system optimizes resource allocation based on real-time conditions and predicted needs.
Targeted alerts reach residents in seconds - with delivery and acknowledgement tracking. Emergency notifications cascade through multiple channels, ensuring no one is left behind. Real-time status updates keep everyone informed.
As conditions change, routes and priorities update automatically. Fire lines shift, wind patterns change, and our system adapts instantly. This is real-time decision support that keeps pace with the disaster.
Under the hood: a React and Mapbox GL front end for stunning 3D visualization, Python services for real-time analysis with Redis and Celery, scikit-learn for risk and route models, and enterprise data fusion via Foundry to ground decisions in operational data.
The result: dramatically faster coordination and meaningful cost avoidance during major events. Our goal: 65 to 90 percent faster emergency coordination, 15 to 75 million dollars saved per major event, and improved evacuation compliance that saves lives.
We're seeking pilot partners to validate across regions and hazards. This isn't just technology - it's a lifeline for communities facing disaster.